convert int_to_bytes to little endian (#564)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/core/0_beacon-chain.md

            if remaining == 1:
                break

            # Read 3-bytes of `source` as a 24-bit little-endian integer.

>             sample_from_source = int.from_bytes(source[position:position + rand_bytes], 'little')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            sample_from_source = int_to_bytes3(source[position:position + rand_bytes])
```

Author: We want to convert bytes-to-int, not int-to-bytes. `int.from_bytes` is correct, but definitely very pythonic

Reviewer: Oooh, sorry for the misreading.
And I added `bytes_to_int` in #576.
